you have to hand it to Mark Miller the
man simply doesn't give up his
letter-writing campaign is a teenager to
both comic book publishers and artists
alike has become legendary not just for
its bravado but that he actually ended
up years later working with many of the
people he wrote to he made his first big
splash in the comics world with the DC
Elseworlds miniseries Superman red Sun
and then gained superstar status when he
along with Brian Michael Bendis launched
Marvel's initially successful Ultimate
Universe
he also orchestrated civil war for
Marvel which is about to become a pretty
big movie and also a popular story arc
old man Logan
but while Bendis was happy to stay at
Marvel and is still at Marvel Miller had
new heights to which he wanted to climb
Hollywood he was well-known for casting
his comics by having his artists draw
some characters to resemble famous
actors and while samuel l.jackson
actually became Nick Fury Eminem and
Halle Berry did not go on to star and
wanted publishing his own independent
comics since 2004 under his Millar world
banner hey I told you the guy dreams big
Miller had enough success with wanted
for Universal and then kick ass for
Lionsgate that he decided to write for
Miller world full-time where he
consistently was able to land the
biggest or at least the most legendary
artists in comics
probably by promising them a lucrative
movie deal unfortunately in the
beginning though he wasn't able to quite
deliver on that promise
sure Miller was BFFs with Fox as he
agreed to supervise their Marvel
properties and seemingly in exchange
they agreed to develop Miller World
Titles nemesis superior and Starlight
for the big screen keyword develop and
in fact those titles might never have
gotten out of development hell if not
for a little movie called Kingsman the
Secret Service yes many thought that
kick-ass would take Miller to the next
level there were even plans for a Hit
Girl movie with the raids Gareth Evans
set to make his Hollywood debut again
Miller is not afraid to just reach out
to those he wants to work with but when
kick-ass failed to make enough money at
the box office well it did not look good
perhaps Kingsman the Secret Service
itself might never have been made if not
for Matthew Vaughn's success post
kick-ass
with x-men first class but it did get
made and after a brief scare when its
release date was pushed back a few
months it finally hit theaters and
changed everything
eggs Minh might not have opened in first
place who couldn't beat a sexual
phenomenon in Fifty Shades of Grey but
it held steady for weeks at the box
office worldwide and now is actually
closing in on x-men first class and
wanted Vaughn and Miller's respective
biggest hits to date it's also worth
noting that Kingsman was made for just
half of what it cost for x-men first
class Colin Firth is now an action star
Taron Egerton a hot new discovery and
comic book artists know comic book
legend Dave Gibbons got to walk all the
red carpets and collect the big check
I'd imagine Mark Millar will now be able
to get any comic book artist he wants
whatever he wants
perhaps even some of the top artists
currently employed by the big two he
also seems to be able to now get the
attention of any studio he wants as
universal just swooped in an option to
his newest comic chrono knots where
Miller's partner with scott Snyder's
usual artist Sean Murphy Fox might be
miffed they lost out on that but then
they have Kingsman to in their pocket
Vaughn has been very vocal about a
potential Oh spoiler alert
seriously spoiler alert if you haven't
seen Kingsman the Secret Service go see
it to help ensure we get this sequel and
then come back to this video likely with
much enthusiasm as Kingsman the Secret
Service is awesome okay still here or
just came back
well Vaughn assurance fans that Colin
Firth's Harry Hart will be able to
return for a sequel he's mum on how
exactly but he could either one simply
not actually be dead happens all the
time in spy movies or two because this
isn't that kind of movie franchise Harry
could be featured in flashbacks or some
have suggested have an evil twin Hey
Kingsman is successful because it
brought back some of the camp to the spy
genre then again maybe some of you don't
want Harry Hart back and Vaughn has said
he sees Kingsman the Secret Service is a
prequel of sorts to an all-out eggsy
super spy movie so it's looking like we
are going to get a Kingsman - do you
want one and who
you want in it plus what do you think
all this will mean for mark Miller's
career and his comics going forward is
he the secret sauce that made Kingsman
so great and I don't know about you but
I'm having a hard time getting over that
lost Hit Girl movie to be directed by
Gareth Evans be sure to share your
thoughts down below I'm Grace Randolph
and this has been a movie byte you can
watch more right now